bread c-max s-series the innovative
plug-and-play complete full-size coral
reef aquarium system the red seam access
series is an innovative plug-and-play
complete full-size coral reef aquarium
system it is designed to allow you to
focus on the beauty and diversity of
your own piece of coral reefs rather
than worrying about component selection
suitability and compatibility max s
series aquariums are fully equipped with
everything you need including features
such as ultra clear glass reef speck
lighting and filtration customizable
fasciae in a one plug control panel
choosing the red seam access series will
make reef keeping easier than ever
before
durable elegant cabinets the cabinet
side panels and doors are attached to a
marine spec aluminum frame that are not
load-bearing so they can be replaced at
any time allowing renovation this
feature combined with the replaceable
trim on the light and aquarium will add
a significant resale value to the max S
series all external surfaces use weather
resistant polyurethane paints similar to
those used in the car industry giving an
elegant and durable finish designed for
simple home assembly all of the viewing
sawing and wiring has already been done
for you
the salt water resistant color trim
around the top and bottom of the
aquarium is long-lasting and can be
replaced at any time sophisticated
lighting system the unique max S series
slide and swivel lighting system
consists of three individually switched
lighting units the identical front and
rear four x t5 units are hinged to the
lighting chassis that slides across the
top of the aquarium providing total
access for all maintenance and reef
scaping tasks the center unit has an
additional 2 x t5 lights and led moon
the red c-max approach to the coral reef
experiences in the ocean coral reefs
flourish only where specific physical
conditions prevail such as sufficient
light adequate current stable
temperature and water clarity the red
c-max concept provides a system that
creates these conditions allowing you to
keep a thriving healthy reef aquarium in
your own home the red c-max concept
takes away the worry about retrofitting
equipment guaranteeing complete
compatibility of the coral reefs vet
components built into the aquarium
allowing you to focus on enjoying the
fish and corals within your own peace of
thriving coral reef the max reef SPECT
performance criteria is the result of
red seas years of research into the
sustainable growth of all corals
including the most delicate SPS corals
in an artificial reef environment
keeping the reefs delicate creatures in
a closed system requires special
attention to water quality by
maintaining parameters within the narrow
range that supports life effective
filtration systems are made up of a
number of elements each performing
complementary tasks sufficient water
movement is crucial for the well-being
of static coral reef species and helps
maintain proper water quality parameters
water flow provides the corals with the
nutrients and minerals for example
calcium necessary for growth as well as
flushing away mucus and preventing
stagnant areas where decomposing organic
matter would otherwise accumulate to
purchase red sea max s-series complete
aquarium system please visit the link in
the video description below
thanks for watching
you